name.tanglei.www.AlarmReceiver
name.tanglei.www.AlarmReceiver: AlarmReceiver()
name.tanglei.www.FlightModeSwitcher
name.tanglei.www.FlightModeSwitcher: FlightModeSwitcher()
name.tanglei.www.R$drawable: int ic_action_airplane_mode_off
name.tanglei.www.R$drawable: int ic_lancher
name.tanglei.www.R$id: int currentstate
name.tanglei.www.R$id: int endTimePicker
name.tanglei.www.R$id: int line1
name.tanglei.www.R$id: int line2
name.tanglei.www.R$id: int start
name.tanglei.www.R$id: int startTimePicker
name.tanglei.www.R$id: int stop
name.tanglei.www.R$layout: int main
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int aboutContent
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int aboutTitle
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int airplanemode_error
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int airplanemode_off_tip
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int airplanemode_on_tip
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int app_name
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int belowtip
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int endtime_tip
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int helpContent
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int helpTitle
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int menuAbout
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int menuHelp
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int nextStartTipPref
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int noCheckContent
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int noCheckTitle
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int noRootError
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int setup_off
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int setup_on
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int start
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int starttime_tip
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int state
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int stop
name.tanglei.www.R$string: int timeFormat
